Update README.md for RAG coming soon (#967)
kaito-project/kaito: README.md

| ![notification](docs/img/bell.svg) What is NEW! |
|-------------------------------------------------|

> | **Coming soon:** Kaito v0.5.0. Retrieval-augmented generation (RAG) support - RagEngine will support LlamaIndex and Faiss as the default vectorDB | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Coming soon:** Kaito v0.5.0. Retrieval-augmented generation (RAG) support - RagEngine support for LlamaIndex orchestration and Faiss as the default vectorDB | 
```
